necessary here I think it'd be a lot
more simple if I just walk up to the
door alone I think that that would be
why are you under money ban much
bulletin succinct you're not paying
attention if you're messing around with
the gun or equipment Anthony just use
the gun on the table locust unless your
goodness on the table was paid for it
shut up man shut up I'm warning you now
be quiet please
it's true Dignan I paid for the gun say
it again say it one more time
say it again repeat what you just said I
paid for the guy
so dark the con of man no it doesn't say
that
he's doing all that I regret and you
break it moon sermon charms demons Owens
codes monks Rex
rocks my done' up the rocks